bpo-45618: Fix documentation build by pinning Docutils version (#29230)
python/cpython: Doc/requirements.txt

# won't suddenly cause build failures. Updating the version is fine as long
# as no warnings are raised by doing so.
sphinx==3.2.1
# Docutils version is pinned to a version compatible with the Sphinx

> # version being used. It can be removed after bumping Sphinx version to at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Docutils version is pinned to a version compatible with Sphinx
# version 3.2.1. It can be removed after bumping Sphinx version to at
```
